Update Connect documentation for 2.0 (#3887)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/services/connect/use.adoc

[[link-connect]]
== Link a Raspberry Pi device with a Connect account

Now that you've installed and started Connect on your Raspberry Pi device, you must associate your device with your Connect account.

=== via the Raspberry Pi Desktop

If you're using the Connect plugin for the menu bar, clicking "Turn On Raspberry Pi Connect" for the first time will open your browser, prompting you to sign in with your Raspberry Pi ID:

image::images/browser-sign-in.png[width="80%"]

> Alternatively, you can choose "Sign In…" from the dropdown menu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can choose "Sign In..." from the dropdown menu:
```

image::images/sign-in.png[width="80%"]

> If you don't already have a Raspberry Pi ID, you can xref:id.adoc#create-a-raspberry-pi-id[create one] by clicking "create one for free".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't already have a Raspberry Pi ID, click *create one for free* to xref:id.adoc#create-a-raspberry-pi-id[create one].
```

The Connect dashboard lists all of the devices linked with your Connect account and shows you the various ways you can access them.

image::images/devices.png[width="80%"]

Click on a device name to open the device details page. This screen provides low-level information about your device. You can also edit the device name or remove the device from Connect.

image::images/device.png[width="80%"]

> Deleting a device from Connect automatically signs you out of Connect on the device. The Connect icon in the menu bar turns grey and the menu only provides a **Sign In…** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting a device from Connect automatically signs you out of Connect on the device. The Connect icon in the menu bar turns grey and the menu only provides a **Sign In...** option.
```
